as with us everyday Tadasana Mountain
Pose Tadasana is a perfect warm-up pose
it improves your blood circulation and
prepares your body for a workout stand
with your feet flat your heels should be
slightly spread out but your big toes
aren't put together keep your hands on
the sides with palms facing your body
stretch your hands to the front bring
your palms closer to one another inhale
and raise your folded hands up over your
head stretching your spine if you can
try to do this while lifting your ankles
and standing on your toes
but less talking more action we're going
to hold this pose for 30 seconds let's
go
[Music]
tadasana is a great way to improve your
posture and of course give a proper
stretch to your back a couple more
seconds now you're ready for all the
other exercises
bhujangasana cobra pose cobra pose
sounds intriguing right first of all lie
face down and spread your arms on the
floor stretch your legs back and slowly
lift up your body make sure your pubis
and toes form a straight line and touch
the floor let's try it
[Music]
cobra pose has multiple benefits for
your body's health it strengthens the
spine firms your buttocks and even helps
relieve stress
[Music]
we're almost done good job boost Raza
not camel pose for this next asana you
have to kneel on the floor and arch your
back touch and then hold your heels with
your hands we're going to hold this
position for one minute times Dickon
castresana is a good stretch for your
body it stretches your ankles thighs
chest and most importantly for us
abdomen moreover it stimulates the
organs of your abdomen
[Music]
and that's it take a deep breath can
prepare yourself for the next exercise
Auto mukha svanasana downward facing dog
pose use your hands and legs to come on
to the floor then lift your bottom to
form a 90 degree angle with your body
basically your body should form an
upside-down V shape we're going to hold
this pose for one minute let's go
the downward-facing dog pose is one of
the Sun Salutation poses it helps to
both balance the body and work the ABS
additionally this pose helps relieve
stress and mild depression while
energizing the body
[Music]
how are you doing time's up
Bosh's the sauna side plank pose shift
your left or right foot and tilt your
body accordingly either to the right or
left side raise the opposite arm in the
air let's hold this pose for 30 seconds
and then return to the previous
downward-facing dog post for an
additional 10 seconds go
side plank pose stretches your belly
arms and legs and improves the sense of
balance good now slowly return from side
plank
to downward-facing dog pose stay in it
for 10 seconds
[Music]
great
Pachi Moton asana seated forward bend
pose to do this pose you have to stretch
your body towards your feet as you
exhale and hug your feet with your hands
nice and simple let's try to hold this
pose for one minute
[Music]
this pose again is a miracle for
stretching your spine shoulders and
tummy it also improves digestion and
stimulates important organs 30 more
seconds you're doing great
hold it
[Music]
stop time for the next asana savasana
corpse pose savasana is a relaxation
pose all you have to do is lie flat on
the floor place your legs so that
they're comfortably apart and place your
arms along the body breathe slowly
and try to focus on yourself and your
body
one minute starts now
[Music]
despite its simple appearance corpse
pose is believed to be the most
difficult one to do it correctly you
need to be able to relax your body boy
don't forget about breathing
and sadly that's all party rigged up
harsh vicuna sauna revolved side angle
pose
difficult name but simple asana meal
into a praying position stand on one
knee and bend it at a 90 degree angle
then stretch the other leg and balance
on your toes tilt your body to the side
you may even face forward if it helps
you keep a better balance 30 seconds on
the clock let's begin this pose helps
strengthen your abdominal core muscles
while also stretching your legs knees
chest shoulders and ankles
[Music]
ten more seconds
nice
khumba kisana flank pose lie face down
and lift your body up onto straightened
arms balance on your toes while facing
forward or down we're going to do this
pose for 30 seconds but it's better to
extend the time in this pose every day
for better results let's go
this pose is the most beloved by fitness
trainers since it helps strengthen not
only the arms and legs but the abdominal
muscles as well
[Music]
they're doing great hold it time's up
party porno navasana boat pose
the initial position for boat pose is
laying on your back with your legs
straight slowly lift your legs and your
body and stretch your arms by forming
sides of the boat let's try to hold this
pose for one minute
start the timer the boat pose will
surely work your abdominal muscles as it
cannot be performed correctly without
engaging your abs it also has a positive
effect on your digestion and helps you
relieve stress
[Music]
a couple more seconds done props to you
if you don't break and hold this pose
for the entire time good job
eka pada pada mukha savasana one-legged
downward facing dog curves firstly get
into the downward facing dog pose it's
an upside-down V shape that we did a
couple of minutes ago from this position
straighten one leg and lift it up then
lower the straighten leg under your abs
in one minute repeat this move ten times
for each leg let's begin the downward
facing dog pose we'll help you learn how
to balance your body you can also
strengthen your abs the one legged
version we're doing now stretches your
arms as well
[Music]
and finished
Drix asana tree pose stand up and put
your right foot on the inside of your
left hip put your arms into a praying
position and that's a tree pose for you
one minute begin
[Music]
the tree post is another bouncing post
that strengthens your abdominal muscles
it is also good for meditation just do
this pose focus on yourself and smile
and you'll see how good it is for
clearing your mind
[Music]
and we're done dhanurasana bow pose to
perform boat pose lie face down lift up
both your hands and feet and hug your
feet with your hands will hold it for 30
seconds but as you continue to do this
routine in the future try to hold this
pose for at least one minute but enough
talking let's start
[Music]
the bow pose may look easy to do but it
is the ads that do all the work which is
exactly what you need to strengthen them
a true must-have for the perfectly flat
belly and that's it for the bow pose
bit to lisanna cow pose kneel down on
the mat straighten your arms place your
upper body weight on them and finally
push your spine down stay in this
position for 30 seconds
are you ready time to do it the cow pose
is so powerful that daily training can
easily make your abs as hard as steel
sounds cool right and we're on our way
to it
three-two-one done Arda provoked an
asana reverse tabletop pose sit on the
floor with your feet flat and your knees
bent in this position put your arms
slightly behind your back then lift up
your body so that your head and your
knees form a straight line again our
traditional 30 seconds begins this is an
active pose that makes the ABS work
harder to balance your body it's
especially great for building and toning
core muscles and opening your chest and
shoulders and that's the end of our
little yoga workout come to this video
daily and do this workout with us and
you won't recognize your belly
three two one done so which of these
asanas did you find the hardest one to
do tell us in the comments